W-13185689-iam-migration-cv (#174)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-migration-overview.adoc

= Anypoint Platform Migration Overview

> Starting July 1st, RPA Manager integrates with Anypoint Platform to unify the login experience and provide support for external identities (IDP).

Reviewer: Should this include the year (if this topic will persist)?

> Starting July 1st, RPA Manager integrates with Anypoint Platform to unify the login experience and provide support for external identities (IDP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting July 1st, RPA Manager integrates with Anypoint Platform to unify the login experience and provide support for external identities (IdP).
```

Reviewer: (To be consistent with AIM: https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/external-identity-index)

If your organization acquired the MuleSoft Automation Bundle after the integration, your account is not affected by the migration because your organization is already in Anypoint Platform. 

> The migration process for existing RPA customers starts on July 1st and is carried out automatically in different waves. To prepare for the migration, ensure you follow the <<pre-migration, Pre-migration Steps>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automation migration process for existing RPA customers starts on July 1st and occurs in phases. To prepare for the migration, follow the <<pre-migration, pre-migration steps>>.
```

Reviewer: (Not sure if that's correct. It might be nice to give some context like when the migration is expected to complete, what gets migrated first (region?), what to expect when migration is complete (an email? an in-app message?)

For additional questions, contact us at rpa_migration_support@salesforce.com.

== Summary of Changes

After your organization is migrated to Anypoint Platform, the following changes apply:  

> * Users are required to reconfigure 2FA for their Anypoint Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users must reconfigure 2FA for their Anypoint account.
```

Reviewer: Is there any way to make these active voice?

> * Users are required to reconfigure 2FA for their Anypoint Account.

Reviewer 2: not entirely true. If the user already had an Anypoint Platform user with the same email, they will just use that.
Maybe we could reframe it to something like: users that didn't previously have an Anypoint Platform user with the same email address as in RPA, will be invited to join the Anypoint Platform organization. At this point, they will be required to enter a password to be used and to configure the 2FA.

* Users log in to RPA Manager, RPA Builder, and RPA Recorder using their Anypoint Platform account. 
* Administrators use Access Management to manage RPA users, teams, and permissions.
* RPA Manager Roles and User groups are replaced by teams in Anypoint Platform. 
* API keys are deprecated and replaced by Connected Apps. 

[[pre-migration]]
== Pre-migration Steps

> To prepare your organization for the migration, ensure that all your RPA Manager users have an account in Anypoint Platform or the external identity provider (IDP) your organization uses to log in.

Reviewer: I think you can just say IdP here since you expanded the initialism earlier in the page.

* Federated orgs
+

> If your Anypoint Organization is using an external identity provider (IDP), the administrator must ensure the RPA users have a matching account and the proper access.

Reviewer: same comment as line 24

Reviewer: Should organization be lc here?

> * Non-Federated orgs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Non-federated orgs
```

+

> The migration is automatic and MuleSoft matches RPA accounts and Anypoint accounts based on the email address. 

Reviewer: Maybe two separate sentences?

+
** If the RPA user already has an Anypoint account with the same email, the account linking is automatic. After the migration, the user accesses RPA resources using the Anypoint account, retaining the same level of permissions. 

> ** If the RPA user has multiple Anypoint accounts with the same email address, the user is prompted to select the account to link when logging in.

Reviewer 2: the duplicity is for RPA users and not Anypoint accounts:
If there is more than one RPA user with the same email address as the Anypoint account used to login, the user is prompted to select the account to link when logging in. (pro tip: If one of these RPA users had the same username as the one in Anypoint, the selection will be done automatically)
